hi guys I'm kept bitching and we are
here at the 2014 crc speed show lucky
enough to be hosted by the awesome
platinum wheels king and we've got the
burger fuel evo on display another
reason that we're here is that I've been
totally honored to be invited to race in
the right cat celebrity go-kart
challenge and the name of the game is to
raise money for your kids which is our
charity of choice
I have never been in rotex go-kart
before and to a man they hit the huge
honor of having some for the driver
mentoring from Ryan urban the Legion
himself so it's going to be interesting
but it's going to be heaps of fun and
we're just here to have a good time and
show for the ground so we're getting
some pretty heavy hitters today but
intimidated but it would be a legend and
go karting and obviously race driver
Simon evens driver mentor of mine
previously Jon Lester the amazing and
aggressive finger than the xtube car
driver fabian Coulthard and a heap of
other people it's going to be awesome
it's going to be primo I just really
hope the weather holds out and we'll
give it our best run
ouch
yeah it was wicked I was quite surprised
to be on pole position it was really
weird so totally got soaked and it was
just so much fun it was all about
throttle control so it came into the
first corner and it was very tight few
people spun out I managed to actually
slip around the side and stayed in
sickened for probably about four laps i
think it was until i just mesh the
throttle a little bit too much which was
a bit stink betweens that force and the
heat so just got missed just missed out
on the final but we've got another round
tomorrow which I'm really excited I kind
of hope it rains because it was really
really fun speed show 2014 you've been
fabulous once again this is the third
year in a row that we've been here and
I'm totally stoked and honored to be
asked to go in this Liberty go cat
challenge right cats you've been amazing
stoked to be here and crowds are great
great to catch up with quite a lot
motorsport fans and drivers so will most
likely be back again next year thank you
so much
hi I'm Kate and this is my picture like
hair goes boom boom
it's in here and we're down in the air
care of all hair